add AGENTS.md and AI assistant disclosure policy (#33130)
jhipster/generator-jhipster: AGENTS.md

# AI agent instructions for generator-jhipster

> JHipster is a Yeoman-based code generator (TypeScript, ESM, Node `^22.18.0 || >=24.11.0`) that scaffolds Spring Boot + Angular/React/Vue applications. See `ARCHITECTURE.md`, `BLUEPRINTS.md`, and `DEVELOPMENT.md` for background context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JHipster is a Yeoman-based code generator (TypeScript, ESM, Node — see `engines` in `package.json` for the required version) that scaffolds Spring Boot + Angular/React/Vue applications. See `ARCHITECTURE.md`, `BLUEPRINTS.md`, and `DEVELOPMENT.md` for background context.
```
to avoid updating the values ​​in two places, WDYT?
